Docs: Add zoom feature in reports (#59478)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/create-reports/index.md

     - Select an orientation for the report: **Portrait** or **Landscape**.
     - Select a layout for the generated report: **Simple** or **Grid**. The simple layout renders each panel as full-width across the PDF. The grid layout renders the PDF with the same panel arrangement and width as the source dashboard.
     - Click **Preview PDF** to view a rendered PDF with the options you selected.

>      - Move the **Zoom** slider to zoom in or zoom out the panels in the PDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Move the **Zoom** slider to zoom in and make each text field and panel larger, or zoom out to show more data. Level 1 zooms in to make text larger, and Level 3 zooms out to show more data, for example more columns in each table panel.
```

>      - Move the **Zoom** slider if you want to zoom in or zoom out the panels in the PDF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Move the **Zoom** slider to zoom in or zoom out the panels in the PDF.
```
